ci: add TIOBE analysis (#8)
canonical/cephfs-server-proxy-operator: README.md

> <div align="center">

Reviewer: [nit]: Let's yoink the centering

```suggestion
```

# CephFS server proxy operator

A [Juju](https://juju.is) operator for proxying exported Ceph filesystems.

[![Charmhub Badge](https://charmhub.io/cephfs-server-proxy/badge.svg)](https://charmhub.io/cephfs-server-proxy)
[![CI](https://github.com/canonical/cephfs-server-proxy-operator/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/canonical/cephfs-server-proxy-operator/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg)
[![Release](https://github.com/canonical/cephfs-server-proxy-operator/actions/workflows/release.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/canonical/cephfs-client-operator/actions/workflows/release.yaml/badge.svg)
[![Matrix](https://img.shields.io/matrix/ubuntu-hpc%3Amatrix.org?logo=matrix&label=ubuntu-hpc)](https://matrix.to/#/#ubuntu-hpc:matrix.org)

</div>

> ## Features

Reviewer: You don't need this heading. The paragraph below will fit nicely with the status badges above it.

```suggestion
```

The CephFS server proxy operator enable CephFS client operators to mount exported Ceph filesystems
on Ceph clusters not managed by Juju. This proxy operator enables Juju users to manually set 
a CephFS share endpoint that their CephFS client operators need to mount.

> ## Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ✨ Getting started
```

> #### With a minimal CephFS kernel server

Reviewer: Hmm... not sure this is the right terminology to use here :thinking: 

"kernel server" is used in the NFS operator description because we're using the `nfs-kernel-server` package from the Ubuntu package archive - `apt info nfs-kernel-server`. IIRC it's called "kernel server" because the server runs in kernel mode rather than in user space where there's more restrictions.

Perhaps `With microceph` would be better?

```suggestion
#### With microceph
```

First, launch a virtual machine using [LXD](https://ubuntu.com/lxd):

```shell
$ snap install lxd
$ lxd init --auto
$ lxc launch ubuntu:22.04 cephfs-server --vm
$ lxc shell cephfs-server
```

> Inside the LXD virtual machine, set up a CephFS kernel server that exports a filesystem.

Reviewer: Let's reference microceph directly:

```suggestion
Inside the LXD virtual machine, set up [microceph](https://github.com/canonical/microceph) to export a CephFS filesystem.
```

Friends of the Ceph team say good things about microceph :sweat_smile:

```shell
ln -s /bin/true /usr/local/bin/udevadm
apt-get -y update
apt-get -y install ceph-common jq
snap install microceph
microceph cluster bootstrap
microceph disk add loop,2G,3
microceph.ceph osd pool create cephfs_data
microceph.ceph osd pool create cephfs_metadata
microceph.ceph fs new cephfs cephfs_metadata cephfs_data
microceph.ceph fs authorize cephfs client.fs-client / rw # Creates a new `fs-client` user.
```

> You can verify if the CephFS server is working correctly by using the command
> `microceph.ceph fs status cephfs` while inside the LXD virtual machine.

> To mount the ceph filesystem, you'll require some information that you can get with a couple of commands:

Reviewer: [nit]: It should probably be CephFS since Ceph can do a bagillion things. CephNFS is also an option for if we don't want to make people suffer with `nfs-kernel-server`.

```suggestion
To mount the CephFS filesystem, you'll require some information that you can get with a couple of commands:
```

Author: Ceph FileSystem filesystem?

Reviewer: Right now we can have it just be "Ceph filesystem" since the primary goal of this PR is to add the TiCS analysis as part of our CI. We can save this for the doc review of all our current projects during the eng. sprint. 

I do think we should differentiate between CephFS and CephNFS just to prevent any confusion, so perhaps in the future we could just have it be "To mount the CephFS share," so it doesn't trip up folks who read CephFS literally as "Ceph filesystem."

```shell
export HOST=$(hostname -I | tr -d '[:space:]'):6789
export FSID=$(microceph.ceph -s -f json | jq -r '.fsid')
export CLIENT_KEY=$(microceph.ceph auth print-key client.fs-client)
```

Print the required information for reference and then exit the current shell session:

```shell
echo $HOST
echo $FSID
echo $CLIENT_KEY
exit
```

Now deploy the CephFS server proxy operator with a CephFS client operator and principal charm:

```shell
juju deploy cephfs-server-proxy kernel-server-proxy --channel latest/edge \
  --config fsid=<FSID> \
  --config sharepoint=cephfs:/ \
  --config monitor-hosts=<HOST> \
  --config auth-info=fs-client:<CLIENT_KEY>
juju deploy ubuntu --base ubuntu@22.04 --constraints virt-type=virtual-machine
juju deploy cephfs-client data --channel latest/edge --config mountpoint=/data
juju integrate data:juju-info ubuntu:juju-info
juju integrate data:cephfs-share kernel-server-proxy:cephfs-share
```

> ## Project & Community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 🤝 Project and community
```

> The CephFS server proxy operator is a project of the [Ubuntu HPC](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/high-performance-computing-team/35988) 
> community. It is an open source project that is welcome to community involvement, contributions, suggestions, fixes, and

Reviewer: You can link directly to our page on ubuntu.com cause we legit :sunglasses:: 

```suggestion
The CephFS server proxy operator is a project of the [Ubuntu High-Performance Computing community](https://ubuntu.com/community/governance/teams/hpc). It is an open source project that is welcome to community involvement, contributions, suggestions, fixes, and
```

constructive feedback. Interested in being involved with the development of the CephFS server proxy operator? Check out these links below:

* [Join our online chat](https://matrix.to/#/#ubuntu-hpc:matrix.org)
* [Contributing guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md)
* [Code of conduct](https://ubuntu.com/community/ethos/code-of-conduct)
* [File a bug report](https://github.com/canonical/cephfs-server-proxy-operator/issues)
* [Juju SDK docs](https://juju.is/docs/sdk)

> ## License

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 📋 License
```
